# School District Analysis

there are two sperate analysis in this repository. The PyCitySchools file is the initial analysis that contains all of the students and schools. The second analysis file PyCitySchools_Challenge has the 9th grade students at Thomas High School removed due to anomalies in the testing results. There are also practice files and a seperate file that has a method for removing prefixes and suffixes from the students names.

Removing the anomalous 9th grades changes the analysis in a few different ways. For the district analysis the average scores are not effected but the percentage of students passing does change. This is beacuse the total number of students does not change but the number passing is lower because the 9th graders are not being counted. For the per school analysis there is a similar effect. The percentage passing is down by about a quarter which make sense since about a quarter of the students are now removed from the number passing the tests. The average test score is only slightly lower since the other students at the school did well. It also drops Thomas High School from a high performing school to a low performing school since the performance of the schools is based on the percentage passing. For the analysis by grade, only the 9th graders grades at Thomas High School are effected (registered as NaN). The other schools and grades remain the same. The analysis by spending only effects the range of $630-$644 as that is the raneg that Thomas High School is in. The effect is the same as seen previously, slightly lower avergage and much lower passing percentage. The effect is the same for size and school type analysis with the medium and charter bins effected respectively.
